Visa Consumer Support | Visa
Get support
Need help? Give us a call
For lost or stolen credit cards, please call us:
Anguilla
Antigua
Argentina
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia
Bonaire (Netherlands Antilles)
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China Mainland (North)
China Mainland (South)
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao (Netherlands Antilles)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt (Cairo only)
Egypt (outside Cairo)
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guyana
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland, Republic of
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Montserrat
Morocco
Netherlands
Nevis
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Romania
Russia
Russia (Moscow and St Petersburg only)
Russia (outside Moscow)
Russia (outside St Petersburg)
Saba (Netherlands Antilles)
Saint Eustatius (Netherlands Antilles)
Saint Kitts
Saint Lucia
Saint Maarten (Netherlands Antilles)
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Singapore
Slovakia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Trinidad and Tobago
Turkey
Turks and Caicos
U.S. Virgin Islands
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
*Callers in certain countries dialling these numbers, including the reverse charge call number from mobile or hotel phones may be charged fees. Visa will not be responsible for any fees incurred. If the country/region you are in is not listed, or if you experience difficulties using any of the freephone numbers (only free when dialling from within the USA), please
make a reverse charge call to +1 303 967 1096
. (Reverse charge calls are placed using the local operator.)
FAQ
Credit cards
How do I log in to my account to pay my bill, check my balance, etc.?
To log in to your credit card account, please visit your issuer or bank website. The website and freephone number (only free when dialling from within the USA) may be located on the front or back of your Visa card. If you need any further support, please call Visa using the drop-down menu above.
How do I dispute a charge?
To dispute a charge, please contact your issuer or bank using the freephone number (only free when dialling from within the USA) located on the front or back of your Visa card. In many cases, your issuer or bank will require detailed information regarding the transaction before resolving the disputed charge.
Why was my card declined?
To review why your card was declined, please contact your issuer or bank using the freephone number (only free when dialling from within the USA) located on the front or back of your Visa card. Your card may be declined for various reasons. Your issuer or bank is best equipped to provide the specific decline reason and provide guidance on how to process the transaction.
What should I do if my Visa card has been lost or stolen?
To report your Lost or Stolen Visa Card, please visit our
Lost or Stolen card
page. Our skilled support team can assist you at any time with reporting and blocking your Lost or Stolen card and look into providing you emergency services
*
if applicable.
How can I find an ATM?
To find an ATM, please use Visa’s
ATM locator
to get currency at over 2 million ATMs worldwide.
Security
I was contacted by someone claiming to be from Visa. Is this real or a scam?
If you receive a call or email asking for your information, do not provide it. You can report a phone scam that uses Visa’s name by
contacting us
. Visa does not call or email cardholders and request personal information.
My identity has been stolen – what should I do?
Visit our
Lost or Stolen card
page – if the identity theft involves your Visa card – to learn how to cancel your card or get an emergency replacement card.
Travel
What do I need to know before I travel abroad?
You can find answers to common questions about travelling – like the availability of ATMs, emergency services and how to get help when you’re abroad – in
Travel Support
. If you have questions about whether or not you need to inform your issuer that you’re travelling and using your Visa card overseas, please refer to your card issuer’s site.
I’m travelling and my card has been damaged.
If your card is lost, stolen, damaged or compromised, we will work with your financial institution to approve and expedite the delivery of an emergency card to you, usually within 1 to 3 days. For help,
call us on the USA freephone number (+1 800 847 2911)
or use one of our global freephone numbers from the drop-down menu above.
Verified by Visa / 3-D Secure
How can I register for 3-D Secure (formerly Verified by Visa)?
As a consumer, there’s nothing you need to register for 3-D Secure. Issuers (a financial institution, like a bank or a credit union) handle the authentication that 3-D Secure provides. Your online transactions are secured through Visa and our enhanced security makes purchasing more seamless – while still protecting you from fraud.
3-D Secure does not work. What do I do now?
As a consumer, you should not encounter any issues with 3-D Secure. If you do, contact your issuer or bank for more information using the phone number on your card.
How does 3-D Secure work?
3-D Secure provides an additional layer of security for e-commerce transactions prior to authorisation. It enables the exchange of data between the merchant, card issuer and, when necessary, the consumer, to validate that the transaction is being initiated by the rightful owner of the account. If you’re interested in learning more details about how this security technology combats fraud and provides better check-out experiences, visit
3-D Secure
.
Merchants
I have concerns about a place where I used my Visa card. What should I do?
If you have concerns involving a merchant, you can take action immediately by
filling out this form.
Can a merchant set a maximum or minimum limit for using my Visa card?
In general, a merchant is not permitted to establish a minimum or maximum amount for a Visa transaction. However, exceptions apply in the USA and US territories – like Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands and Guam. In those locations, and only for credit cards, a merchant may require a minimum transaction amount of US$10. If you encounter an issue where a merchant has refused to accept your Visa card on the basis that the merchant requires a minimum or maximum amount on a Visa debit card, or requires that the purchase amount on a credit card is greater than US$10, please notify your Visa card issuer.
*
Please note, Visa does not set up, service or have access to cardholder or merchant accounts. This is done through our client financial institutions (the banks). Each financial institution has its own criteria for issuing Visa cards, how it manages statements, etc.
Get in touch
Report a lost card by calling Visa at 000-800-100-1219.
Send an email